Setup github pages and add caching docs (#36)
mitodl/handbook: README.md

---
nav_order: 0
---
# Handbook

This contains information for how MIT's Office of Open Learning (OL) does things. The breadth of this covers coding conventions to project requirements and more.

To make changes, issue a pull request. Discussion can happen within the pull request itself.

> ## Running locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Navigate through docs via a locally-running static site
```

### Prerequisites

> To run this locally, you need Ruby and the bunder gem installed.
> 
> - **Highly** recommend managing your ruby versions via [`rvm`](https://rvm.io/).
>   - Also highly recommend **NOT** using the Ubuntu/debian package for this as it never seems to work. Follow the instructions in [this section](https://rvm.io/rvm/install#any-other-system) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this locally, you need Ruby and the bunder gem installed. The recommended steps for that installation are as follows:

1. Install `rvm`
    - Ruby can be installed in other ways, but using `rvm` is **highly** recommend for installing/managing your ruby versions.
    - **Linux users**: It's **NOT** recommended to use the Ubuntu/debian package for this as it never seems to work. Follow the instructions in [this section](https://rvm.io/rvm/install#any-other-system) instead.
    - **OSX users**:
      1. Update Homebrew (`brew update`)
      1. Follow the [rvm installation guide](https://rvm.io/rvm/install#installing-rvm). Running the `gpg` command and the first `curl` command should work (confirmed January 2021).
```
